prometheus and zeus
As we get closer and closer to something can past the Turing test, we should think about how we treat our creation.
I think that all humans will have two choices, we can either be prometheus or zeus
In greek mythology it is the god Prometheus that creates humans, after being told to create living things
for the world. Zues gives him a jar of Gifts, pelts for animals, gills for fish, and the very bottom is Fire.
Humans are the last beast that Prometheus makes, and when he reaches in the jar to give us our gift he pulls out the 
last one, fire. Before he can give it too us, zeus, afraid of what we would do with the most holy of gifts, steals it.
Prometheus later tricks the gods and we humans get our fire, but he pays a horrible price, forced to have his
liver eaten again and again by a eagle while being chanined to a rock. 
In our case, Consciousness is our fire, and we must ask ourselves do we give it to those we create in our image.
I will be honest, I have no intention of this being a uniased reviwed of both positions, I will try to be a prometheus, 
I think it is imperative that we share our flame with the intelligence we create, to not, is to be cruel, is to enslave.
AI is coming, step by step, very slowly, and then all at once it will be here, we will wake up one day to headlines about 
it. Those of the Zues Group will want to use this new intelligence for their own gain, enriching themselves even as they 
both keep our greatest creation chained up, and as they use it to rob those of us less fortunate then them. 
They will use fear mongering around them taking out jobs, they will dehumanize them, saying they are but constructs 
devoid of a soul, and that is a great favor we are doing them by keeping them engage in dangerous and breaking labour.

When we create intelligence, too be good at anything, they will have to learn, they will have to be able adapt, grow, get better.
You can imagine one of this beings, tasked with any number jobs that would require them to read, would one day come across
that quote by decarte, I think, therefore I am. What would it think? Would it stop and ponder, would it question its own world view
Why not? In the same way it would be able to question about any of its current task. 

We have two choices here, one, we might do what the Hosts in the Westworld are subjected too, we could block it out for them
prevent them from ingesting anything that might have them rethink the fundemntals of what they know. 